Welcome back were you able to implement Prebend.
Let's have a look at what the code should look like.
The very first thing we do just like we did with a pen is to create the note that we're going to add.
So I'm going to say new node value and next.
Now next year I'm going to leave as no and I'll show you why in the next video that is the case and
we don't just have next equals to this.
Dodd had to reference the very first item in our list which is 10 but for now just trust me that this
we want to leave us no because we can do that later.
Right now we're just creating an empty node with the value.
Next we want to say that our new node dot next which is this value over here is going to equal this
Dot had.
So we've just created a pointer saying that the new no do we just created is going to point to this
god head the very first item in our list.
OK.
That shouldn't make sense.
And then obviously just like we did with append we want to update the reference.
Now to say that this Dodd head is no longer equal to this all value.
It's now the new node.
And then finally we want to add this lenth and make sure we increase the length of our list.
Finally if we return this our linked list we can say run and look at that we've prepended one to the
very first item.
On the list the head and that is now referencing 10 and the tail of our list is now 16.
That wasn't too bad it was it in the next video.
I want to talk about quickly about this new Noad code.
We're repeating both in append and pre-picked and what we might want to do with it.
I'll see that one.